I'm glad you came through. You saved me today.
Anytime.
But we're not done yet.
Damon has to pay out.
Yeah, because if Damon's still in line and take over,
it's bad for both of our families.
Exactly.
My father's health is failing,
and he's going to decide between
Danny and me as to who's going to be president.
My husband is the only one right choice with that job.
I can deal with this embarrassment.
You have to fix it for me.
Or I have my family pull all business from the garrison work.
What do you want me to do?
Announce your retirement before the wedding.
Make victor president.
Fine. I'll think about it.
That's a tough ask.
Okay. I'll wait.
But remember,
you have to give me an answer before the wedding.
Or I might not show up just like Damon did today.